we came out a little early this year to
pick up the course before a lot of stuff
is billed it's a killer opportunity to
come out at this stage in the game while
everything's still getting placed we're
still in the very early stages of
basically having an idea on paper and
putting it into actual as a caveat on
the hill basically like an adult sized
sandbox to play around and just with
more rocks and more of a hill have one
post angle figure that out and then
we're two way by difference from last
year to this year terms of the design is
huge we restructured the course to
address some of the issues that we've
had over the years but basically a full
a snake down the whole hill gives us a
little bit better speed just throw out
the whole Hill we won't have to be
breaking or peddling it should just flow
a little nicer first of all give that
person a lot of these ideas that you
think about while you're riding other
courses on the contest turkey here at
Joyride we have the ability to just take
all those and put them on one course on
one hill in a place where slopes that
was born we're looking for tricks from
top to bottom and we want everything to
flow that way the riders will do the
runs that they want to do we're trying
to progress the sport and do big fix
down this this track we basically want
it to be perfect we want everything to
be the best for the most next level trip
security it's been two weeks since I was
here last at that point in time we just
had a bunch of rough ideas and piles of
rocks here it's finally coming together
cams inks here is his first time
checking out the cord there come biggest
as in you're standing next to you have
the best slopestyle conscious of the
year every year for four reasons like
the crowd and the prestige but it's also
the best course on the circuit as well
just look at how this thing is Risa
it'll be perfect for this jump here so
everything's lining up look exactly how
I pictured so come back and little less
than a month and put some tire tracks on
it see how it flows the final test
coming soon